# Office MS Health Task Pane Addin
Sample which uses an ASP.NET 5 web app as the basis for an Office Add-in. 
The Add-in retrieves data from the MS Health API (Preview) http://developer.microsofthealth.com/cloudAPI which enables access to data from the Microsoft Band.
#Description
The Visual Studio solution (VS2015 RTM) contains two projects; one for the Office AddIn manifest which describes the metadata for the AddIn and has a link to the web app content and the ASP.NET 5 web app itself. The solution is set up to have two startup projects so when a debugging session is started the web app will runb served by IISExpress and an instance of Excel will run which will host the AddIn which will, in turn, host the web app.
The AddIn will retrieve some info from the health API such as name, height, weight, etc. and then present a button which, when pressed will cause the web app to retrieve health summary data from the health API and will add it to the Excel workbook at the position of the cursor. The AddIn can be configured to start in other apps, i.e. Word.
#Setup
To run the addin sample it is necessary to supply an application client id and client secret for an app which is registered to authenticate against the MS Health API Preview. The full instructions for this can be found here http://developer.microsoftband.com/cloudAPI (click on the Learn More button to access a pdf with instructions). Alternatively, go here https://account.live.com/developers/applications and register an app. This will enable you to access a client id and client secret. The ASP.NET 5 web app uses 'user secrets' configuration to avoid the need to place secrets inside source control. You need to set two secrets up ClientId and ClientSecret. For further details of ASP.NET 5 configuration see http://docs.asp.net/en/latest/security/app-secrets.html  
